Okay, yeah, you OMP unlocked, right? Oh un unware. Let me open one demo sites. Give me a second.
2 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Oh Demo, demo.
3 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, so anyone can help me to navigate where I should go for now?
4 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
The logs? Sure. No.
5 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Devices.
6 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
The devices where.
7 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
On the top next to overview.
8 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Oh, not locks, but devices, ok?
9 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
And then go to, controller.
10 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Yeah, like this month. Yeah. Okay. Oh I see.
11 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
And then go to, events, events. So today we have these events and what I think we discussed was, I don't know, maybe you have on your figma, right? It would be like next to events.
12 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
As well so it would be under some troubleshooting and then you would have a section for I mean this is still the old design, right? So in the new device three 60 design you will have it somewhere under troubleshooting. So you have a section for logs, events.
13 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Send everything rights.
14 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
So Rahul, is that exactly what you mentioned? Because you told me different scenario.
15 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Yeah. No, NO, let's go. No, I thought it's a different context but go to the go to Figma that you shared yesterday you can.
16 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
So in figma, right, if you see it's under, it's on the devices page.
17 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Devices page?
18 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
This is the devices page you are on, right?
19 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Yeah, look at the breadcrumb on the top. Breadcrumb on the top. Oh, I see. I don't have love on page, I don't have love page here ideas.
20 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
No, so this is the device page, the same page you are on on the demo setup. This is the page you are on. So if you see logs, I I don't think, so maybe logs, is this, do we have a log section or is everything under troubleshooting?
21 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Yesterday mentioned it will be under logs section.
22 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, but is there a log section in the new device? Three 60?
23 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
You want me to go three 60 the one yesterday we was mentioning about?
24 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah ok sorry ok so we have logs. Okay ok yeah if we have logs section yes, so under logs we would have events and then.
25 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Ah, ok, ok.
26 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, I don't know. So, so there's more on that page than just logs, right? I think we were calling it what statistics or something. That is what the title was, right?
27 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Yeah, that was yesterday. The conclusion will be like this.
28 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, I'm just thinking maybe we may need to move it under, can you go back to the other one where what all do we have under troubleshooting?
29 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Oh, yeah, sure. You want to oh sorry for warming. So you wanna take a look for troubleshooting here?
30 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, scroll to the right, you have that thing on the right right where you have all the sections. Now scroll to the right.
31 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
To the right here?
32 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Scroll to the left.
33 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, left. Yeah, here stop. Okay.
34 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Scroll a bit to the right, where you have TME and engineering new proposal.
35 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
That.
36 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
So what all do you have under logs under logs you have alarms events and ACL logs.
37 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
The troubleshooting you have ok yeah it does not belong under troubleshooting either because you're not able to.
38 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Do any active troubleshooting, right? You're not able to do any troubleshooting per se live, right?
39 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Correct, we are not troubleshooting live. We are trying to go well yeah it's not a live troubleshoot let's see we are trying to understand why certain things are happening like memory CPU as if they go up and what's happening with that.
40 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay. Yeah, I think the only place that I can think of is logs I don't think it belongs to any other place. There's also this control connections thing, right? Where did that go? Oh, it's under troubleshooting, ok. That's also a live view, ok, ok. Yeah, I think under logs is fine, there is NO other thing.
41 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay.
42 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
And then I think instead of calling it statistics, maybe we may have to call it OMP statistics or something. So if you can go back to the Figma we discussed yesterda.
43 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Sure, I think I don't think gonna have to join we can we can continue.
44 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
No, I mean we need five one is a feature I can't say what is.
45 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
So will you like to continue or should we reschedule?
46 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
I mean we can close on this discussion that you have, ok. So under logs is fine. So maybe under maybe we need to call it OMP statistics or something just so it's clear.
47 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Exactly, I agree with that because we have this in few different speech. Yeah, exactly the same.
48 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, and because if we call it statistics, customers expectation would be to have statistics at other places. I mean, they wouldn't know what the statistics is, so so for now we can say OMP statistics and we can run it with process usage ok yeah any.
49 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, so you modified the thing.
50 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so three sections, control connection policy changes and OMP pairing change. Okay, so in the in the smart filter you have, right?
51 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay filters under the right?
52 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
The smart filters right above the table?
53 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Above the table. Okay, here yes.
54 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, so change it from site ID to site name. Sure. And then, are we, let me see system IP. So do we show a system IP today for all these events, Raghu?
55 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Or much I mean we will we?
56 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
We have the system IP. Okay.
57 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, yeah, I see system IP, so we'll have system IP and then description would not be a description, it would be details, right? Or is it.
58 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Description. Yeah, we will provide yeah sorry that's the action item from my side. I will.
59 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
So what will you, I mean it will be a description, right?
60 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
It's a description but I need to provide basically short description for each of those.
61 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
What will you describe, like what, what does a control connection or policy change or OMP pairing change mean?
62 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Correct.
63 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
I don't think that's needed, right? OMP pairing change is quite obvious from the name. Policy change is also obvious from the name.
64 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Yeah, maybe we can take it out, do you are you ok taking the description column out?
65 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
No, but what what did you have in mind when you want to describe? Just want to know, like maybe I'm not getting it. Was it just the definition?
66 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Just the definition of the event, but since the event name of the event is quite obvious.
67 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, and then was it that we You would just repeat the description for every window.
68 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
No NO NO actually see e.g. if it is a control connection, right? We have to show that control connection went from down to up, up to down or any intermediate state, those things, right?
69 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
No Ramana, that is that we are showing there the number of events, right? There could be multiple of such events.
70 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Some devices maybe going down, some.
71 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Maybe coming up, right? Control connection.
72 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
No, NO, this for each event will show one entry Raghu.
73 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Okay, you're saying for each.
74 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so then then then the event would be controlled connection up. A separate event would be controlled connection down. That's what you're saying?
75 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah, so event here the 1st column will still show control connection, but then the description or detail will show status up to down or status change from up to down or down to upper many intimate state like GR down in GR, those those things.
76 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so I have.
77 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Let me see just the one is either basically the event type, I mean subtype of the event.
78 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Correct, yeah. Subtype of the event if it is an event, like a control connection change or if it's, e.g. policy change, we have to describe the policy version from so and so to so and so. Okay.
79 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so I think, you may have got it wrong, right? So I'll maybe share my screen.
80 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Yeah. Yeah.
81 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
So we refer to it as component today what you are talking about, right? This would be some, something like control or OMP, right? These are the components, but event name, there is NO event name for controller connection, so it's control connection state change.
82 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Auth change and T lock IP change, so these are the events. So.
83 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah. So these are the events but when you say control connection state change, it changed from state A to state B, right? Yes. So that's what we have to tell like what happened, whether it's up down or any other state.
84 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
But that is what the event name is, right?
85 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
But in our figma, we have the event name as just control connection, then that is wrong, right? The event name would be this control connection or policy or OMP pairing, right? Those would be components, not events.
86 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
U.
87 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so maybe maybe I'll take a step back, right? So as I had mentioned the other day, whatever we are showing is anyways being shown on events today, right?
88 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Let me let me maybe go to our controller. Let me see.
89 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
I'll go to this controller and then go to events, seven days ok so if I do OMP.
90 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Let me find a different setup, sorry.
91 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so if you see here, this is the name, right? And the event is Okay so this is a name which is always state change and then the details or something I think has details regarding if it went up or went down.
92 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Correct. Yeah. New state is up and new state is.
93 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
And so on, right.
94 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah, this is what I'm saying, so.
95 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
So then it's not control connection, it should be control connection state change. That is the event then, right?
96 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We, yeah, it's basically control connection state change, yeah.
97 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, so then we need to change the name to one event name, the title needs to be event name. And then instead of control connection it will be control connection state change, right? Because that's the only thing it's going to have, nothing else, right?
98 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Right. Correct. Yeah.
99 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, and then similarly for OMP, it will also be OMP pair state change only, nothing else, right?
100 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yes yep.
101 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
And then these would be like the states or something, right? Yeah, correct. Okay, and similarly, the 3rd one which was policy, it would be, ok, I don't have anything, but.
102 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Oh, let me see if there is something.
103 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
For policy, we can maybe change the policy version change from X to Y.
104 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah, basically for policy, only thing that can happen is policy change, right? So anything that we make in a policy is a change is even applicable applying a policy, deleting a policy changing something the policy changed so it it will be a policy change.
105 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay, then I think we need to reword those things to, control connection, events or whatever it was, right? Control.
106 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
State change. Yeah.
107 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
OMP, control OMP and then and then policy, right? So the state name, the event name would be this, this and then policy change. Make you got it?
108 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2503076608)
Yeah.
109 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Yeah Similarly on the legend on the top under the.
110 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Graph it would be the same control connection state change, policy change, OMP pair state change and then maybe we can add component in the table which would say it's a control or OMP or I I think this is not needed. It's going to be.
111 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Your name already contained has that come control connection of the OMP.
112 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
So why we remove the severity because it takes told people that's major is critical. I don't see we covered this one.
113 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
I think everything is major.
114 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Oh, everything's major. Okay.
115 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
I got it. I think this this table is applicable for all kind of events and there maybe some other events outside of these three.
116 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Which are, different severity levels, but these would be always major, right? Maybe policy change may not be major but yeah which again brings me to the same question, right? All of this information is already there. Maybe we should just add some filters or.
117 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Smart filters on the existing events table to just show you all these three. I don't know if we are doing all this.
118 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Yeah, the one the idea was to see today we can come here, but we have to navigate through multiple pages so the idea of that one was ok if there was a change in the, you know, CPU memory rate what actually caused it? Users can actually see on a single page yeah yeah that's the idea. I mean we have all the information in place.
119 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Okay.
120 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay. Yep. So Monday 08:30 are are we all good with that so we can invite invite Jeff to join?
121 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
What's there.
122 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Sure.
123 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Would Jack?
124 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Jeff in China, he is a.
125 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Jeffrey, ok. 830I may have a conflict.
126 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
What what time works for you better?
127 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Jeffrey I think Jeffrey.
128 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
I see you have 01:00 02:00 1130.
129 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
No, NO, but that's late for Jeffrey.
130 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
We can do, maybe.
131 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
05:00 our time, that also should be fine.
132 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
05:00.
133 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Yeah, 5aM. It's probably already 1011 ish for Jeffrey so he should be available, I'm thinking.
134 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
5pM.
135 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, 05:00 P.M. P n. M Okay.
136 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
PM IPM.
137 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, sure. Let's meet on Monday 05:00 p.m.. Do you think we can meet at daytime 1st and then we sync up with Jeffrey's later on? Because let's meet with you.
138 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Different close in one meeting instead of multiple meetings going back and forth.
139 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Sure, sure. We also have one question not fixed yet, is a device, we have a device numbers over there, right? On the columns, the table columns, we don't know what is that now, so we need to discuss.
140 "Akshay Kaul" (3660481280)
Yeah, I I think before I agree with way, right? Before discussing with Jeffrey or passing it off to Jeffrey I think way you need to make all the changes and we need to also agree if he's good with all of this, right? Yeah, let's not maybe schedule with Jeffrey on Monday. You can schedule one on Monday with us, right? Amongst us again. So yeah.
141 "Mingchieh Wang" (1881352448)
Okay, I set at 1130 with everyone. Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
142 "Raghu Chereddy" (4133399808)
Okay, thanks. Thanks. Bye.